README.md, before:

## Introduction
I Gurkirat Singh made a Equation solver GUI application in python3 using tkinter.
The base solving is the c++ code which i wrote earlier uploaded in my other repository.
(click [ here ](https://github.com/gsc2001/beginner-projects/tree/master/eqn_solver) to see the code )

## Making
I was kinda lazy to implement the base ( equation solving ) again in python :grin: so a surfed a lot to learn how to 
convert a c++ written code to python. I came around to know about **SWIG**, read about it to how to use it

Finally figured out the way to convert my c++ base code to python... Also read that c++ implementation was kinda
fast so was happy to implement it. 

Took me around a day to figure out the design ( which i still dont like .. to be true :disappointed: )

## Updating
I am focused currently to improve my GUI's appearence. Will be working on it for some time
Hopefully will figure it out soon !!

## Reviewing
Reviews and new ideas are always welcome. Want some help on how to create beutiful looking GUI'S.

At last, 

Thanks for viewing

### Running
Just download and extract the whole repository and type following command in
terminal
    
    python3 main.py
    
#### Contact
Email : gurkirat.singh@students.iiit.ac.in

Commit message:

Modifying README for new version repository and build feature

README.md, after:

## Introduction
I Gurkirat Singh made a Equation solver GUI application in python3 using tkinter.
The base solving is the c++ code which i wrote earlier uploaded in my other repository.
(click [ here ](https://github.com/gsc2001/beginner-projects/tree/master/eqn_solver) to see the code )

## Making
I was kinda lazy to implement the base ( equation solving ) again in python :grin: so a surfed a lot to learn how to
convert a c++ written code to python. I came around to know about **SWIG**, read about it to how to use it

Finally figured out the way to convert my c++ base code to python... Also read that c++ implementation was kinda
fast so was happy to implement it.

Took me around a day to figure out the design ( which i still dont like .. to be true :disappointed: )

## Updating
Updated version in new repository [here](https://github.com/gsc2001/Equation-Solver-GUI). A lot better GUI.

## Reviewing
Reviews and new ideas are always welcome.

At last,

Thanks for viewing

### Building
Just run the following command in your shell
```bash
$ bash build.sh
```

### Running
Just download and extract the whole repository and type following command in
terminal
```bash
$ python3 main.py
```
#### Contact
Email : gurkirat.singh@students.iiit.ac.in
